Add reference  links for environment variables for  VPC and PowerVS (#2172)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-ibmcloud: docs/book/src/topics/vpc/creating-a-cluster.md

    IBMACCOUNT_ID="ibm-accountid" \
    BASE64_API_KEY=$(echo -n $IBMCLOUD_API_KEY | base64) \
    clusterctl generate cluster ibm-vpc-clusterclass --kubernetes-version v1.26.2 --target-namespace default --control-plane-machine-count=1 --worker-machine-count=2 --from=./templates/cluster-template-vpc-clusterclass.yaml | kubectl apply -f -
 
**Note:** Refer below for more detailed information on VPC variables.
- IBMVPC_CLUSTER_CLASS_NAME : Name of the cluster that user provides.
- [IBMVPC_REGION](/reference/regions-zones-mapping.html)
- [IBMVPC_ZONE](/reference/regions-zones-mapping.html)

> - IBMVPC_RESOURCEGROUP : Go to Manage > Account > Account resources > Resource groups in the console to get reource group details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IBMVPC_RESOURCEGROUP : Go to Manage > Account > Account resources > Resource groups in the console to get the resource group ID.
```
